[17.0][ADD] account_invoice_subscription_per_contact: New module (#1908)
OCA/account-invoicing: account_invoice_subscription_per_contact/readme/DESCRIPTION.md

> This module allows to automatically add followers to invoices.

Reviewer: Let's add some context:

```suggestion
As each contact has only one email address, you may want to send the invoices to other email recipients.

It's also frequent that some of your stuff wants to be informed about some specific customers, but not the entire activity of the sales team.

This module allows to fine grain per contact for having invoice creation notification and subscription.
```

As each contact has only one email address, you may want to send the invoices to other email recipients.

It's also frequent that some of your stuff wants to be informed about some specific customers, but not the entire activity of the sales team.

> This module allows to fine grain per contact for having invoice creation notification andsubscription.

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
This module allows to fine grain per contact for having invoice creation notification and subscription.
```
